add docs for verify-webhook action (#1031)
ngrok/ngrok-docs: traffic-policy/actions/verify-webhook/behavior.mdx

### Behavior

> The **verify-webhook** action validates that incoming webhook requests are authentic. When a request is received, the action verifies the request by validating its signature against a known secret. If the verification is successful, the action allows the request to continue through the action chain and to finally to your application; if verification fails, the request will be terminated with a `403 Forbidden` response.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **verify-webhook** action ensures the authenticity of incoming webhook requests by validating their signatures against a known secret. Upon receiving a request, the action performs the signature verification. If verification succeeds, the request proceeds through the action chain. If it fails, the request is terminated with a `403 Forbidden` response, unless `enforce` is set to `false`, in which case the request proceeds without termination.
```

#### Verification Process

- **Signature Validation**: The action validates incoming webhook signature to confirm the request originates from the configured provider and that the payload has not been tampered with.
- **Request Handling**: If the webhook verification is successful, the request is forwarded to the next action. If the verification fails, the request chain is terminated with a `403` response.

> - **Configurable Enforcement**: By default, verification failures result in termination. However, setting `enforce: false` allows unverified requests to proceed, while logging the verification result. This option is for debugging and testing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Configurable Enforcement**: By default, verification failures result in termination. However, setting `enforce: false` allows unverified requests to proceed, while logging the verification result. This option is useful for debugging, testing, and crafting your own custom responses with action result variables.
```
